if chibi was a let's play channel
hearthstone edition Jaina Proudmoore huh
okay hmm oh I found a worgen okay let's
do this
take your ass the heart of the cards did
it bitch no no let's don't get to go
first
oh fuck you man
lucky you yeah little-known bastard this
is why the Horde is better and then
fucked Jaina Proudmoore stop have a shit
man I get better mana God it's like a
fucking the Hiller saying automat an
eater res oh god no I'll put this out
alright what oh my god am i fuckin down
that ah well the only way to react to
that is you know what you know what
screw you I'm done I'm done with this
die I guess the only good alliances of
Dental iets remember that part of the
cards heart of the cards give me
something good at heart of the cards hot
are the cards yes I can heal myself and
I can fuck you up what what stop stop
stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop
stop please please stop No stop abusing
stop the abuse 2015
fuck you anak sodium alliterate and with
that I think that was gg